{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf210
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red16\green73\blue188;}
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf2 From: Thomas Franzen <thomas.franzen@curtin.edu.au>\
Subject: Re: moon\
Date: 30 July 2015 12:57:20 pm AEST\
To: Randall Wayth <R.Wayth@curtin.edu.au>\
Cc: "ben.mckinley@unimelb.edu.au" <ben.mckinley@unimelb.edu.au>\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf2 \
Hi Ben,\
\
How much observing time do you need to make up for the time you lost last semester?\
\
You'll see that most of the time is currently taken up by EoR obs. This is because I am repeating the 2014B observing schedule. Observations that were not completed last semester for whatever reason get priority, so you may delete any EoR obs. (G0009) and schedule your own obs. Danny is aware of this so don't feel bad about deleting EoR obs. You may also delete calibrator obs. (D0006) and Sun obs. (G0002).\
\
There are some D0000 obs. (monitoring of the Galactic Plane) every other day around 10pm to midnight. You musn't delete these obs. If it's really inconvenient I can ask James Miller-Jones whether it's ok to adjust the times (probably possible).\
\
Let me know if I can help clearing out the schedule.\
\
Cheers\
\
Tom\
\
\
________________________________________\
From: Randall Wayth\
Sent: 30 July 2015 10:00\
To: Ben Mckinley\
Cc: Thomas Franzen\
Subject: Re: moon\
\
Hi Ben,\
\
You're too modest. Given that a potential DECRA rests on this and half your original observations were lost anyway, you should get more data. You don't need to ask Steven- just run your script again for 2015-B and coordinate with Tom.\
\
Cheers,\
Randall\
\
________________________________________\
From: Ben Mckinley <ben.mckinley@unimelb.edu.au>\
Sent: Thursday, 30 July 2015 9:49 AM\
To: Randall Wayth\
Cc: Thomas Franzen\
Subject: Re: moon\
\
Makes me think of calibration without Virgo A!\
\
\'85. I was waiting for Steven to put out some sort of new call for proposals, but I suppose that isn\'92t happening? Can we just request directly to do some more obs? (I\'92m also frustrated with myself for how long it has taken me to reduce the current data so I felt reluctant to ask for more time)\
\
Ben\
\
\
On 29 Jul 2015, at 8:37 pm, Randall Wayth <R.Wayth@curtin.edu.au> wrote:\
\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf3 Hi Guys,\
\
On my ride home tonight I saw a big almost full moon in a nice southerly declination. Can you guess what it made me think of?\
\
Cheers,\
Randall.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf2 \
}